hi so the title of our project is
running the San Francisco marathon the
goal of this visualization tool is to
prepare a runner to run the San
Francisco marathon here is the demo of
our visualization tool so first the user
will provide their given information
clicking their sex in this drop down as
well as their age group in this drop
down and once they are ready they can
hit submit this will generate our two
visual encodings the visual encoding on
the left is a box and whisker plot of
the average pace in minutes for their
selected sex and age category based on
this user input and the visualization
visual encoding on the right is a
histogram of the total finishing times
in minutes for all participants if the
visual if the user clicks on this box
plot then a green bar will highlight
here which represents the total
finishing time based on the median
average pace from the box and
whiskerplot we have two tool tips for
both of our visual encodings for this
visual encoding if you hover over the
Box
then you can see the five number summary
for this box and whisker plot based on
their selected sex and age category
including the minimum lower quartile
median upper quartile and maximum
average pace in minutes and if you hover
over any bar here then you can see the
total number of minutes precisely as
well as the number of runners in that
selected range for finishing time total
in minutes
and that is our visualization tool